handbook: Document 2021 Q1 Engineering org plan (#1150)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/2021_org.md

# 2021 Q1 Organizational Plan

> Defining a vision of a future organization is necessary in order to effectively grow the engineering team. While all plans change, a plan is better than no plan. This page documents ours and will be kept up to date as it changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a future vision for the organization is necessary to effectively grow the engineering team. It is understood that all plans change, and this document will be kept up to date with these changes. This is our written plan to align the team and clarify hiring and growth expectations.
```
